$NetBSD: patch-doc_screen.texinfo,v 1.4 2025/01/09 20:07:03 ktnb Exp $

Fix: Node `Window Settings' lacks menu item for `Mousetrack'

--- doc/screen.texinfo.orig	2024-08-28 19:55:03.000000000 +0000
+++ doc/screen.texinfo
@@ -2417,6 +2417,7 @@ terminal emulation itself.
 * Login::                       Control @file{/etc/utmp} logging
 * Mode::                        Control the file mode of the pty
 * Monitor::                     Watch for activity or inactivity in a window
+* Mousetrack::			Set whether screen should track mouse events
 * Windows::			List the active windows
 * Hardstatus::			Set a window's hardstatus line
 @end menu
@@ -5248,7 +5249,7 @@ Exchanges windows positions on window li
 Changes windows numbers, so there is no gaps between them.
 @end deffn
 
-@node License, Collapse, Miscellaneous
+@node License, Nonblock, Collapse, Miscellaneous
 @section License
 @kindex ,
 @deffn Command license
@@ -5257,7 +5258,7 @@ Display the disclaimer page. This is don
 started without options, which should be often enough.
 @end deffn
 
-@node Nonblock, Number, Miscellaneous
+@node Nonblock, Number, License, Miscellaneous
 @section Nonblock
 @deffn Command nonblock [@var{state}|@var{numsecs}]
 Tell screen how to deal with user interfaces (displays) that cease to
@@ -5277,7 +5278,7 @@ Same as the @code{nonblock} command exce
 displays is changed. Initial setting is @code{off}.
 @end deffn
 
-@node Number, Nonblock, Miscellaneous
+@node Number, Verbose, Nonblock, Miscellaneous
 @section Number
 @kindex N
 @deffn Command number [[+|-]@var{n}]
@@ -5289,7 +5290,7 @@ plus (`+') or minus (`-') will change th
 amount specified.
 @end deffn
 
-@node Verbose, Version, Miscellaneous
+@node Verbose, Version, Number, Miscellaneous
 @section Verbose
 @deffn Command verbose [on|off]
 If verbose is switched on, the command name is echoed, whenever a window
@@ -5412,14 +5413,14 @@ The default is @code{on}, of course. Thi
 only in rare circumstances.
 @end deffn
 
-@node Eval, , Setsid, Miscellaneous
+@node Eval, Backtick, Setsid, Miscellaneous
 @section Eval
 @deffn Command eval @var{command1} [@var{command2} ...]
 (none)@*
 Parses and executes each argument as separate command.
 @end deffn
 
-@node Backtick, Screen Saver, , Miscellaneous
+@node Backtick, Screen Saver, Eval, Miscellaneous
 @section Backtick
 @deffn Command backtick @var{id} @var{lifespan} @var{autorefresh} @var{command} [@var{args}]
 @deffnx Command backtick @var{id}
